Docs:  mssql_server.html.markdown primary_user_assigned_identity_id has unclear description (#25535)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mssql_server.html.markdown

* `outbound_network_restriction_enabled` - (Optional) Whether outbound network traffic is restricted for this server. Defaults to `false`.

> * `primary_user_assigned_identity_id` - (Optional) Specifies the primary user managed identity id. Required if `type` contains `UserAssigned` and should be set at same time as setting `identity_ids`.

Reviewer: Can we make this:

```suggestion
* `primary_user_assigned_identity_id` - (Optional) Specifies the primary user managed identity id. Required if `type` within the `identity` block is set to either `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned` or `UserAssigned` and should be set at same time as setting `identity_ids`.
```
